and one more thing..... Life is about making an impact, make it a positive one.
and one more thing..... Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
and one more thing..... Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
and one more thing..... I attribute my overall success to never giving or taking an excuse.
and one more thing..... You miss one hundred percent of the shots you don't take.
and one more thing..... The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
and one more thing..... Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
and one more thing..... Defining thepurpose is the starting point of all achievement.
and one more thing..... Life is not about getting and having, it's about giving and being.
and one more thing..... We become what we think about.
and one more thing..... Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent of how you react to it.
and one more thing..... The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they do not have any.
and one more thing..... The mind is everything. What you think, you will become.
and one more thing..... The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The second best time is now.
and one more thing..... An unexamined life is not worth living.
and one more thing..... Eighty percent of success is showing up.
and one more thing..... Your time is limited, so do not waste it living someone elses life.
and one more thing..... Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is.
and one more thing..... I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
and one more thing..... You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
and one more thing..... Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
and one more thing..... Whether you think you can or you think you cannot, you will be right.
and one more thing..... The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
and one more thing..... Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.
and one more thing..... The best revenge is massive success.
and one more thing..... People often say that motivation does not last. Well, neither does bathing. That is why we recommend it daily.
and one more thing..... Life shrinks or expands in proportion to ones courage.
and one more thing..... If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
and one more thing..... There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
and one more thing..... Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you.
and one more thing..... The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
and one more thing..... Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
and one more thing..... Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.
and one more thing..... Believe you can and you are halfway there.
and one more thing..... Everything you have ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
and one more thing..... Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
and one more thing..... Fall seven times and stand up eight.
and one more thing..... Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see.
and one more thing..... Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
and one more thing..... Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions.
and one more thing..... If you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, do not ask what seat! Just get on.
and one more thing..... If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.
and one more thing..... You can not fall if you do not climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
and one more thing..... Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
and one more thing..... Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
and one more thing..... If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
and one more thing..... Be nice to others and nice things will happen to you.
and one more thing..... The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.
and one more thing..... The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.
and one more thing..... Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
and one more thing..... You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don’t Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character.
and one more thing..... It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.
and one more thing..... If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don’t Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You.
and one more thing..... People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.
and one more thing..... Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough.
and one more thing..... Entrepreneurs Are Great At Dealing With Uncertainty And Also Very Good At Minimizing Risk. That’s The Classic Entrepreneur.
and one more thing..... We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.
and one more thing..... Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do.
and one more thing..... Imagine Your Life Is Perfect In Every Respect; What Would It Look Like.
and one more thing..... We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.
and one more thing..... Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.
and one more thing..... Security Is Mostly A Superstition. Life Is Either A Daring Adventure Or Nothing.
and one more thing..... The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.
and one more thing..... The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.
and one more thing..... Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.
and one more thing..... What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.
and one more thing..... Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.
and one more thing..... Develop An ‘Attitude Of Gratitude’. Say Thank You To Everyone You Meet For Everything They Do For You.
and one more thing..... You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.
and one more thing..... To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.
and one more thing..... Reading Is To The Mind, As Exercise Is To The Body.
and one more thing..... Fake It Until You Make It! Act As If You Had All The Confidence You Require Until It Becomes Your Reality.
and one more thing..... The Future Belongs To The Competent. Get Good, Get Better, Be The Best.
and one more thing..... For Every Reason It’s Not Possible, There Are Hundreds Of People Who Have Faced The Same Circumstances And Succeeded.
and one more thing..... Things Work Out Best For Those Who Make The Best Of How Things Work Out.
and one more thing..... A Room Without Books Is Like A Body Without A Soul.
and one more thing..... I Think Goals Should Never Be Easy, They Should Force You To Work, Even If They Are Uncomfortable At The Time.
and one more thing..... One Of The Lessons That I Grew Up With Was To Always Stay True To Yourself And Never Let What Somebody Else Says Distract You From Your Goals.
and one more thing..... Today’s Accomplishments Were Yesterday’s Impossibilities.
and one more thing..... The Only Way To Do Great Work Is To Love What You Do. If You Haven’t Found It Yet, Keep Looking. Don’t Settle.
and one more thing..... You Don’t Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great.
and one more thing..... A Clear Vision, Backed By Definite Plans, Gives You A Tremendous Feeling Of Confidence And Personal Power.
and one more thing..... There Are No Limits To What You Can Accomplish, Except The Limits You Place On Your Own Thinking.
and one more thing..... Integrity Is The Most Valuable And Respected Quality Of Leadership. Always Keep Your Word.
and one more thing..... Leadership Is The Ability To Get Extraordinary Achievement From Ordinary People.
and one more thing..... Leaders Set High Standards. Refuse To Tolerate Mediocrity Or Poor Performance.
and one more thing..... Clarity Is The Key To Effective Leadership.
and one more thing..... The Best Leaders Have A High Consideration Factor. They Really Care About Their People.
and one more thing..... Leaders Think And Talk About The Solutions. Followers Think And Talk About The Problems.
and one more thing..... The Key Responsibility Of Leadership Is To Think About The Future. No One Else Can Do It For You.
and one more thing..... The Effective Leader Recognizes That They Are More Dependent On Their People Than They Are On Them. Walk Softly.
and one more thing..... Leaders Never Use The Word Failure. They Look Upon Setbacks As Learning Experiences.
and one more thing..... Practice Golden Rule Management In Everything You Do. Manage Others The Way You Would Like To Be Managed.
and one more thing..... Superior Leaders Are Willing To Admit A Mistake And Cut Their Losses. Be Willing To Admit That You’ve Changed Your Mind. Don’t Persist When The Original Decision Turns Out To Be A Poor One.
and one more thing..... Leaders Are Anticipatory Thinkers. They Consider All Consequences Of Their Behaviors Before They Act.
and one more thing..... The True Test Of Leadership Is How Well You Function In A Crisis.
and one more thing..... Leaders Concentrate Single-Mindedly On One Thing– The Most Important Thing, And They Stay At It Until It’s Complete.
and one more thing..... The Three ‘C’s’ Of Leadership Are Consideration, Caring, And Courtesy. Be Polite To Everyone.
and one more thing..... Respect Is The Key Determinant Of High-Performance Leadership. How Much People Respect You Determines How Well They Perform.
and one more thing..... Leadership Is More Who You Are Than What You Do.
and one more thing..... Entrepreneurial Leadership Requires The Ability To Move Quickly When Opportunity Presents Itself.
and one more thing..... Leaders Are Innovative, Entrepreneurial, And Future-Oriented. They Focus On Getting The Job Done.
and one more thing..... Leaders Are Never Satisfied; They Continually Strive To Be Better.